docs: mention need for H100 for gpt-oss-120b in router benchmarking docs (#3242)
ai-dynamo/dynamo: benchmarks/router/README.md

    --model-path deepseek-ai/DeepSeek-R1-Distill-Llama-8B

# Example: 4 vLLM workers with larger model using tensor parallelism (2 GPUs per worker)

> # NOTE: this would likely require having H100 GPUs or later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# NOTE: this requires having Hopper or later GPU SKUs to support MXFP4 precision.
```
